com/netease/nim/uikit/common/ui/ptr/RotateLoadingLayout.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.ui.ptr.RotateLoadingLayout
com/netease/nim/uikit/common/adapter/TAdapter.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.adapter.TAdapter
com/netease/nim/uikit/common/ui/ptr/ILoadingLayout.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.ui.ptr.ILoadingLayout
com/netease/nim/uikit/contact/core/util/ContactHelper.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.contact.core.util.ContactHelper
 com.netease.nim.uikit.contact.core.util.ContactHelper$1
com/netease/nim/uikit/contact_selector/adapter/ContactSelectAvatarAdapter.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.contact_selector.adapter.ContactSelectAvatarAdapter
 com.netease.nim.uikit.contact_selector.adapter.GalleryItemViewHolder
com/netease/nim/uikit/contact/core/query/TextSearcher.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.contact.core.query.TextSearcher
 com.netease.nim.uikit.contact.core.query.TextSearcher$1
com/netease/nim/uikit/session/viewholder/MsgViewHolderThumbBase.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.session.viewholder.MsgViewHolderThumbBase
com/netease/nim/uikit/common/adapter/TViewHolder.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.adapter.TViewHolder
com/netease/nim/uikit/contact_selector/activity/ContactSelectActivity.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.contact_selector.activity.ContactSelectActivity
 com.netease.nim.uikit.contact_selector.activity.ContactSelectActivity$1
 com.netease.nim.uikit.contact_selector.activity.ContactSelectActivity$2
 com.netease.nim.uikit.contact_selector.activity.ContactSelectActivity$3
 com.netease.nim.uikit.contact_selector.activity.ContactSelectActivity$4
 com.netease.nim.uikit.contact_selector.activity.ContactSelectActivity$5
 com.netease.nim.uikit.contact_selector.activity.ContactSelectActivity$6
 com.netease.nim.uikit.contact_selector.activity.ContactSelectActivity$ContactDataProviderEx
 com.netease.nim.uikit.contact_selector.activity.ContactSelectActivity$ContactSelectType
 com.netease.nim.uikit.contact_selector.activity.ContactSelectActivity$ContactsSelectGroupStrategy
 com.netease.nim.uikit.contact_selector.activity.ContactSelectActivity$Option
com/netease/nim/uikit/team/helper/AnnouncementHelper.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.team.helper.AnnouncementHelper
com/netease/nim/uikit/contact/core/viewholder/AbsContactViewHolder.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.contact.core.viewholder.AbsContactViewHolder
com/netease/nim/uikit/common/media/picker/adapter/ImagePagerAdapterInImageSwitch.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.media.picker.adapter.ImagePagerAdapterInImageSwitch
com/netease/nim/uikit/contact/core/provider/ContactSearch.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.contact.core.provider.ContactSearch
 com.netease.nim.uikit.contact.core.provider.ContactSearch$HitInfo
 com.netease.nim.uikit.contact.core.provider.ContactSearch$HitInfo$Type
com/netease/nim/uikit/recent/viewholder/CommonRecentViewHolder.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.recent.viewholder.CommonRecentViewHolder
 com.netease.nim.uikit.recent.viewholder.CommonRecentViewHolder$1
com/netease/nim/uikit/UserPreferences.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.UserPreferences
com/netease/nim/uikit/common/util/storage/StorageType.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.util.storage.StorageType
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.util.storage.StorageType$DirectoryName
com/netease/nim/uikit/common/media/picker/PickImageHelper.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.media.picker.PickImageHelper
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.media.picker.PickImageHelper$1
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.media.picker.PickImageHelper$2
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.media.picker.PickImageHelper$PickImageOption
com/netease/nim/uikit/common/util/sys/NetworkUtil.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.util.sys.NetworkUtil
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.util.sys.NetworkUtil$LinkNetWorkType
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.util.sys.NetworkUtil$NetworkSpeedMode
com/netease/nim/uikit/common/media/audioplayer/Playable.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.media.audioplayer.Playable
com/netease/nim/uikit/session/actions/BaseAction.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.session.actions.BaseAction
com/netease/nim/uikit/session/actions/PickImageAction.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.session.actions.PickImageAction
 com.netease.nim.uikit.session.actions.PickImageAction$1
 com.netease.nim.uikit.session.actions.PickImageAction$2
com/netease/nim/uikit/common/media/picker/activity/PickImageActivity.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.media.picker.activity.PickImageActivity
com/netease/nim/uikit/session/audio/MessageAudioControl.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.session.audio.MessageAudioControl
 com.netease.nim.uikit.session.audio.MessageAudioControl$1
com/netease/nim/uikit/common/util/log/LogImpl.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.util.log.LogImpl
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.util.log.LogImpl$1
com/netease/nim/uikit/common/media/picker/util/BitmapUtil.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.media.picker.util.BitmapUtil
com/netease/nim/uikit/contact/core/item/TextItem.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.contact.core.item.TextItem
com/netease/nim/uikit/common/util/string/MD5.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.util.string.MD5
com/netease/nim/uikit/permission/annotation/OnMPermissionDenied.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.permission.annotation.OnMPermissionDenied
com/netease/nim/uikit/contact/ContactEventListener.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.contact.ContactEventListener
com/netease/nim/uikit/session/activity/TeamMessageActivity.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.session.activity.TeamMessageActivity
 com.netease.nim.uikit.session.activity.TeamMessageActivity$1
 com.netease.nim.uikit.session.activity.TeamMessageActivity$2
 com.netease.nim.uikit.session.activity.TeamMessageActivity$3
 com.netease.nim.uikit.session.activity.TeamMessageActivity$4
com/netease/nim/uikit/common/ui/imageview/BaseZoomableImageView.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.ui.imageview.BaseZoomableImageView
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.ui.imageview.BaseZoomableImageView$1
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.ui.imageview.BaseZoomableImageView$2
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.ui.imageview.BaseZoomableImageView$3
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.ui.imageview.BaseZoomableImageView$4
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.ui.imageview.BaseZoomableImageView$5
com/netease/nim/uikit/session/module/input/InputPanel.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.session.module.input.InputPanel
 com.netease.nim.uikit.session.module.input.InputPanel$1
 com.netease.nim.uikit.session.module.input.InputPanel$10
 com.netease.nim.uikit.session.module.input.InputPanel$2
 com.netease.nim.uikit.session.module.input.InputPanel$3
 com.netease.nim.uikit.session.module.input.InputPanel$4
 com.netease.nim.uikit.session.module.input.InputPanel$5
 com.netease.nim.uikit.session.module.input.InputPanel$6
 com.netease.nim.uikit.session.module.input.InputPanel$7
 com.netease.nim.uikit.session.module.input.InputPanel$8
 com.netease.nim.uikit.session.module.input.InputPanel$9
com/netease/nim/uikit/common/ui/dialog/EasyProgressDialog.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.ui.dialog.EasyProgressDialog
com/netease/nim/uikit/cache/FriendDataCache.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.cache.FriendDataCache
 com.netease.nim.uikit.cache.FriendDataCache$1
 com.netease.nim.uikit.cache.FriendDataCache$2
 com.netease.nim.uikit.cache.FriendDataCache$FriendDataChangedObserver
 com.netease.nim.uikit.cache.FriendDataCache$InstanceHolder
com/netease/nim/uikit/contact/core/query/PinYin.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.contact.core.query.PinYin
com/netease/nim/uikit/team/activity/NormalTeamInfoActivity.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.team.activity.NormalTeamInfoActivity
 com.netease.nim.uikit.team.activity.NormalTeamInfoActivity$1
 com.netease.nim.uikit.team.activity.NormalTeamInfoActivity$10
 com.netease.nim.uikit.team.activity.NormalTeamInfoActivity$11
 com.netease.nim.uikit.team.activity.NormalTeamInfoActivity$12
 com.netease.nim.uikit.team.activity.NormalTeamInfoActivity$2
 com.netease.nim.uikit.team.activity.NormalTeamInfoActivity$3
 com.netease.nim.uikit.team.activity.NormalTeamInfoActivity$3$1
 com.netease.nim.uikit.team.activity.NormalTeamInfoActivity$4
 com.netease.nim.uikit.team.activity.NormalTeamInfoActivity$5
 com.netease.nim.uikit.team.activity.NormalTeamInfoActivity$6
 com.netease.nim.uikit.team.activity.NormalTeamInfoActivity$7
 com.netease.nim.uikit.team.activity.NormalTeamInfoActivity$8
 com.netease.nim.uikit.team.activity.NormalTeamInfoActivity$9
com/netease/nim/uikit/common/media/audioplayer/BaseAudioControl.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.media.audioplayer.BaseAudioControl
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.media.audioplayer.BaseAudioControl$1
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.media.audioplayer.BaseAudioControl$2
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.media.audioplayer.BaseAudioControl$AudioControlListener
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.media.audioplayer.BaseAudioControl$AudioControllerState
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.media.audioplayer.BaseAudioControl$BasePlayerListener
com/netease/nim/uikit/session/module/list/MsgAdapter.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.session.module.list.MsgAdapter
 com.netease.nim.uikit.session.module.list.MsgAdapter$1
 com.netease.nim.uikit.session.module.list.MsgAdapter$ViewHolderEventListener
com/netease/nim/uikit/common/ui/ptr/EmptyViewMethodAccessor.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.ui.ptr.EmptyViewMethodAccessor
com/netease/nim/uikit/cache/DataCacheManager.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.cache.DataCacheManager
 com.netease.nim.uikit.cache.DataCacheManager$1
 com.netease.nim.uikit.cache.DataCacheManager$1$1
com/netease/nim/uikit/contact/core/model/TeamMemberContact.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.contact.core.model.TeamMemberContact
com/netease/nim/uikit/BuildConfig.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.BuildConfig
com/netease/nim/uikit/contact/ContactsFragment.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.contact.ContactsFragment
 com.netease.nim.uikit.contact.ContactsFragment$1
 com.netease.nim.uikit.contact.ContactsFragment$2
 com.netease.nim.uikit.contact.ContactsFragment$3
 com.netease.nim.uikit.contact.ContactsFragment$4
 com.netease.nim.uikit.contact.ContactsFragment$5
 com.netease.nim.uikit.contact.ContactsFragment$5$1
 com.netease.nim.uikit.contact.ContactsFragment$ContactItemClickListener
 com.netease.nim.uikit.contact.ContactsFragment$ContactsGroupStrategy
 com.netease.nim.uikit.contact.ContactsFragment$ReloadFrequencyControl
com/netease/nim/uikit/common/ui/popupmenu/PopupMenuAdapter.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.ui.popupmenu.PopupMenuAdapter
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.ui.popupmenu.PopupMenuAdapter$1
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.ui.popupmenu.PopupMenuAdapter$ViewHolder
com/netease/nim/uikit/recent/viewholder/RecentViewHolder.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.recent.viewholder.RecentViewHolder
 com.netease.nim.uikit.recent.viewholder.RecentViewHolder$1
com/netease/nim/uikit/session/viewholder/MsgViewHolderLocation.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.session.viewholder.MsgViewHolderLocation
com/netease/nim/uikit/session/module/list/MessageListPanel.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.session.module.list.MessageListPanel
 com.netease.nim.uikit.session.module.list.MessageListPanel$1
 com.netease.nim.uikit.session.module.list.MessageListPanel$2
 com.netease.nim.uikit.session.module.list.MessageListPanel$3
 com.netease.nim.uikit.session.module.list.MessageListPanel$4
 com.netease.nim.uikit.session.module.list.MessageListPanel$5
 com.netease.nim.uikit.session.module.list.MessageListPanel$6
 com.netease.nim.uikit.session.module.list.MessageListPanel$7
 com.netease.nim.uikit.session.module.list.MessageListPanel$8
 com.netease.nim.uikit.session.module.list.MessageListPanel$9
 com.netease.nim.uikit.session.module.list.MessageListPanel$MessageLoader
 com.netease.nim.uikit.session.module.list.MessageListPanel$MessageLoader$1
 com.netease.nim.uikit.session.module.list.MessageListPanel$MsgItemEventListener
 com.netease.nim.uikit.session.module.list.MessageListPanel$MsgItemEventListener$1
 com.netease.nim.uikit.session.module.list.MessageListPanel$MsgItemEventListener$2
 com.netease.nim.uikit.session.module.list.MessageListPanel$MsgItemEventListener$3
 com.netease.nim.uikit.session.module.list.MessageListPanel$MsgItemEventListener$4
 com.netease.nim.uikit.session.module.list.MessageListPanel$MsgItemEventListener$5
 com.netease.nim.uikit.session.module.list.MessageListPanel$MsgItemEventListener$6
 com.netease.nim.uikit.session.module.list.MessageListPanel$MsgItemEventListener$7
 com.netease.nim.uikit.session.module.list.MessageListPanel$MsgItemEventListener$8
 com.netease.nim.uikit.session.module.list.MessageListPanel$MsgItemEventListener$9
com/netease/nim/uikit/common/ui/ptr/PullToRefreshGridView.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.ui.ptr.PullToRefreshGridView
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.ui.ptr.PullToRefreshGridView$InternalGridView
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.ui.ptr.PullToRefreshGridView$InternalGridViewSDK9
com/netease/nim/uikit/common/ui/imageview/CropImageView.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.ui.imageview.CropImageView
com/netease/nim/uikit/common/ui/widget/SwitchButton.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.ui.widget.SwitchButton
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.ui.widget.SwitchButton$OnChangedListener
com/netease/nim/uikit/common/adapter/TAdapterDelegate.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.adapter.TAdapterDelegate
com/netease/nim/uikit/NimUIKit.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.NimUIKit
com/netease/nim/uikit/common/ui/ptr/PullToRefreshAdapterViewBase.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.ui.ptr.PullToRefreshAdapterViewBase
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.ui.ptr.PullToRefreshAdapterViewBase$1
com/netease/nim/uikit/session/actions/LocationAction.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.session.actions.LocationAction
 com.netease.nim.uikit.session.actions.LocationAction$1
com/netease/nim/uikit/common/ui/popupmenu/NIMPopupMenu.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.ui.popupmenu.NIMPopupMenu
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.ui.popupmenu.NIMPopupMenu$1
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.ui.popupmenu.NIMPopupMenu$2
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.ui.popupmenu.NIMPopupMenu$3
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.ui.popupmenu.NIMPopupMenu$MenuItemClickListener
com/netease/nim/uikit/common/media/picker/util/ThumbnailsUtil.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.media.picker.util.ThumbnailsUtil
com/netease/nim/uikit/team/activity/TeamPropertySettingActivity.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.team.activity.TeamPropertySettingActivity
 com.netease.nim.uikit.team.activity.TeamPropertySettingActivity$1
 com.netease.nim.uikit.team.activity.TeamPropertySettingActivity$2
 com.netease.nim.uikit.team.activity.TeamPropertySettingActivity$3
 com.netease.nim.uikit.team.activity.TeamPropertySettingActivity$4
 com.netease.nim.uikit.team.activity.TeamPropertySettingActivity$5
com/netease/nim/uikit/session/actions/VideoAction.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.session.actions.VideoAction
 com.netease.nim.uikit.session.actions.VideoAction$1
com/netease/nim/uikit/common/adapter/IScrollStateListener.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.adapter.IScrollStateListener
com/netease/nim/uikit/session/module/MsgForwardFilter.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.session.module.MsgForwardFilter
com/netease/nim/uikit/LoginSyncDataStatusObserver.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.LoginSyncDataStatusObserver
 com.netease.nim.uikit.LoginSyncDataStatusObserver$1
 com.netease.nim.uikit.LoginSyncDataStatusObserver$2
 com.netease.nim.uikit.LoginSyncDataStatusObserver$InstanceHolder
com/netease/nim/uikit/common/media/dao/MediaDAO.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.media.dao.MediaDAO
com/netease/nim/uikit/common/ui/ptr/ViewCompat.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.ui.ptr.ViewCompat
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.ui.ptr.ViewCompat$SDK11
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.ui.ptr.ViewCompat$SDK16
com/netease/nim/uikit/session/module/list/IncomingMsgPrompt.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.session.module.list.IncomingMsgPrompt
 com.netease.nim.uikit.session.module.list.IncomingMsgPrompt$1
 com.netease.nim.uikit.session.module.list.IncomingMsgPrompt$2
com/netease/nim/uikit/session/emoji/EmojiManager.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.session.emoji.EmojiManager
 com.netease.nim.uikit.session.emoji.EmojiManager$1
 com.netease.nim.uikit.session.emoji.EmojiManager$Entry
 com.netease.nim.uikit.session.emoji.EmojiManager$EntryLoader
com/netease/nim/uikit/session/emoji/StickerItem.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.session.emoji.StickerItem
com/netease/nim/uikit/common/media/picker/activity/CropImageActivity.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.media.picker.activity.CropImageActivity
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.media.picker.activity.CropImageActivity$1
com/netease/nim/uikit/contact_selector/viewholder/ContactsMultiSelectHolder.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.contact_selector.viewholder.ContactsMultiSelectHolder
com/netease/nim/uikit/contact/ContactProvider.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.contact.ContactProvider
com/netease/nim/uikit/uinfo/UserInfoObservable.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.uinfo.UserInfoObservable
 com.netease.nim.uikit.uinfo.UserInfoObservable$1
 com.netease.nim.uikit.uinfo.UserInfoObservable$UserInfoObserver
com/netease/nim/uikit/session/emoji/StickerAdapter.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.session.emoji.StickerAdapter
 com.netease.nim.uikit.session.emoji.StickerAdapter$StickerViewHolder
com/netease/nim/uikit/session/emoji/StickerCategory.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.session.emoji.StickerCategory
com/netease/nim/uikit/common/media/picker/activity/PickerAlbumActivity.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.media.picker.activity.PickerAlbumActivity
com/netease/nim/uikit/common/util/string/StringUtil.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.util.string.StringUtil
com/netease/nim/uikit/common/media/picker/fragment/PickerAlbumFragment.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.media.picker.fragment.PickerAlbumFragment
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.media.picker.fragment.PickerAlbumFragment$1
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.media.picker.fragment.PickerAlbumFragment$ImageScanAsyncTask
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.media.picker.fragment.PickerAlbumFragment$OnAlbumItemClickListener
com/netease/nim/uikit/contact/core/model/IContact.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.contact.core.model.IContact
 com.netease.nim.uikit.contact.core.model.IContact$Type
com/netease/nim/uikit/session/module/ModuleProxy.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.session.module.ModuleProxy
com/netease/nim/uikit/common/ui/liv/LetterIndexView.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.ui.liv.LetterIndexView
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.ui.liv.LetterIndexView$OnTouchingLetterChangedListener
com/netease/nim/uikit/common/ui/widget/ClearableEditTextWithIcon.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.ui.widget.ClearableEditTextWithIcon
com/netease/nim/uikit/session/SessionEventListener.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.session.SessionEventListener
com/netease/nim/uikit/team/model/TeamExtras.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.team.model.TeamExtras
com/netease/nim/uikit/common/media/picker/fragment/PickerImageFragment.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.media.picker.fragment.PickerImageFragment
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.media.picker.fragment.PickerImageFragment$OnPhotoSelectClickListener
com/netease/nim/uikit/common/ui/popupmenu/PopupMenuListView.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.ui.popupmenu.PopupMenuListView
com/netease/nim/uikit/permission/annotation/OnMPermissionNeverAskAgain.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.permission.annotation.OnMPermissionNeverAskAgain
com/netease/nim/uikit/contact/core/provider/TeamMemberDataProvider.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.contact.core.provider.TeamMemberDataProvider
 com.netease.nim.uikit.contact.core.provider.TeamMemberDataProvider$1
com/netease/nim/uikit/common/media/picker/model/AlbumInfo.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.media.picker.model.AlbumInfo
com/netease/nim/uikit/common/ui/dialog/DialogMaker.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.ui.dialog.DialogMaker
com/netease/nim/uikit/session/activity/WatchVideoActivity.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.session.activity.WatchVideoActivity
 com.netease.nim.uikit.session.activity.WatchVideoActivity$1
 com.netease.nim.uikit.session.activity.WatchVideoActivity$2
 com.netease.nim.uikit.session.activity.WatchVideoActivity$3
 com.netease.nim.uikit.session.activity.WatchVideoActivity$4
 com.netease.nim.uikit.session.activity.WatchVideoActivity$5
 com.netease.nim.uikit.session.activity.WatchVideoActivity$6
 com.netease.nim.uikit.session.activity.WatchVideoActivity$7
 com.netease.nim.uikit.session.activity.WatchVideoActivity$8
 com.netease.nim.uikit.session.activity.WatchVideoActivity$9
com/netease/nim/uikit/common/util/string/HexDump.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.util.string.HexDump
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.util.string.HexDump$HexTablifier
com/netease/nim/uikit/team/viewholder/TeamAnnounceHolder.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.team.viewholder.TeamAnnounceHolder
com/netease/nim/uikit/common/util/log/LogUtil.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.util.log.LogUtil
com/netease/nim/uikit/team/activity/AdvancedTeamInfoActivity.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.team.activity.AdvancedTeamInfoActivity
 com.netease.nim.uikit.team.activity.AdvancedTeamInfoActivity$1
 com.netease.nim.uikit.team.activity.AdvancedTeamInfoActivity$10
 com.netease.nim.uikit.team.activity.AdvancedTeamInfoActivity$11
 com.netease.nim.uikit.team.activity.AdvancedTeamInfoActivity$12
 com.netease.nim.uikit.team.activity.AdvancedTeamInfoActivity$13
 com.netease.nim.uikit.team.activity.AdvancedTeamInfoActivity$14
 com.netease.nim.uikit.team.activity.AdvancedTeamInfoActivity$15
 com.netease.nim.uikit.team.activity.AdvancedTeamInfoActivity$16
 com.netease.nim.uikit.team.activity.AdvancedTeamInfoActivity$17
 com.netease.nim.uikit.team.activity.AdvancedTeamInfoActivity$18
 com.netease.nim.uikit.team.activity.AdvancedTeamInfoActivity$19
 com.netease.nim.uikit.team.activity.AdvancedTeamInfoActivity$2
 com.netease.nim.uikit.team.activity.AdvancedTeamInfoActivity$20
 com.netease.nim.uikit.team.activity.AdvancedTeamInfoActivity$21
 com.netease.nim.uikit.team.activity.AdvancedTeamInfoActivity$22
 com.netease.nim.uikit.team.activity.AdvancedTeamInfoActivity$23
 com.netease.nim.uikit.team.activity.AdvancedTeamInfoActivity$24
 com.netease.nim.uikit.team.activity.AdvancedTeamInfoActivity$25
 com.netease.nim.uikit.team.activity.AdvancedTeamInfoActivity$26
 com.netease.nim.uikit.team.activity.AdvancedTeamInfoActivity$27
 com.netease.nim.uikit.team.activity.AdvancedTeamInfoActivity$28
 com.netease.nim.uikit.team.activity.AdvancedTeamInfoActivity$29
 com.netease.nim.uikit.team.activity.AdvancedTeamInfoActivity$3
 com.netease.nim.uikit.team.activity.AdvancedTeamInfoActivity$30
 com.netease.nim.uikit.team.activity.AdvancedTeamInfoActivity$31
 com.netease.nim.uikit.team.activity.AdvancedTeamInfoActivity$32
 com.netease.nim.uikit.team.activity.AdvancedTeamInfoActivity$33
 com.netease.nim.uikit.team.activity.AdvancedTeamInfoActivity$34
 com.netease.nim.uikit.team.activity.AdvancedTeamInfoActivity$35
 com.netease.nim.uikit.team.activity.AdvancedTeamInfoActivity$35$1
 com.netease.nim.uikit.team.activity.AdvancedTeamInfoActivity$36
 com.netease.nim.uikit.team.activity.AdvancedTeamInfoActivity$4
 com.netease.nim.uikit.team.activity.AdvancedTeamInfoActivity$5
 com.netease.nim.uikit.team.activity.AdvancedTeamInfoActivity$6
 com.netease.nim.uikit.team.activity.AdvancedTeamInfoActivity$7
 com.netease.nim.uikit.team.activity.AdvancedTeamInfoActivity$8
 com.netease.nim.uikit.team.activity.AdvancedTeamInfoActivity$8$1
 com.netease.nim.uikit.team.activity.AdvancedTeamInfoActivity$9
com/netease/nim/uikit/common/ui/popupmenu/PopupMenuItem.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.ui.popupmenu.PopupMenuItem
com/netease/nim/uikit/session/fragment/TeamMessageFragment.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.session.fragment.TeamMessageFragment
com/netease/nim/uikit/contact/core/provider/ContactDataProvider.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.contact.core.provider.ContactDataProvider
com/netease/nim/uikit/common/util/sys/ScreenUtil.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.util.sys.ScreenUtil
com/netease/nim/uikit/contact/core/item/ContactItem.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.contact.core.item.ContactItem
com/netease/nim/uikit/session/activity/VoiceTrans.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.session.activity.VoiceTrans
 com.netease.nim.uikit.session.activity.VoiceTrans$1
 com.netease.nim.uikit.session.activity.VoiceTrans$2
 com.netease.nim.uikit.session.activity.VoiceTrans$3
com/netease/nim/uikit/common/ui/dialog/MenuDialog.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.ui.dialog.MenuDialog
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.ui.dialog.MenuDialog$1
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.ui.dialog.MenuDialog$MenuDialogOnButtonClickListener
com/netease/nim/uikit/cache/TeamDataCache.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.cache.TeamDataCache
 com.netease.nim.uikit.cache.TeamDataCache$1
 com.netease.nim.uikit.cache.TeamDataCache$2
 com.netease.nim.uikit.cache.TeamDataCache$3
 com.netease.nim.uikit.cache.TeamDataCache$4
 com.netease.nim.uikit.cache.TeamDataCache$5
 com.netease.nim.uikit.cache.TeamDataCache$6
 com.netease.nim.uikit.cache.TeamDataCache$7
 com.netease.nim.uikit.cache.TeamDataCache$TeamDataChangedObserver
 com.netease.nim.uikit.cache.TeamDataCache$TeamMemberDataChangedObserver
com/netease/nim/uikit/common/util/file/FileUtil.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.util.file.FileUtil
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.util.file.FileUtil$1
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.util.file.FileUtil$SizeUnit
com/netease/nim/uikit/contact/core/model/ContactDataList.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.contact.core.model.ContactDataList
com/netease/nim/uikit/common/activity/UI.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.activity.UI
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.activity.UI$1
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.activity.UI$2
com/netease/nim/uikit/session/emoji/IEmoticonCategoryChanged.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.session.emoji.IEmoticonCategoryChanged
com/netease/nim/uikit/common/ui/listview/MessageListView.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.ui.listview.MessageListView
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.ui.listview.MessageListView$1
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.ui.listview.MessageListView$GestureListener
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.ui.listview.MessageListView$OnListViewEventListener
com/netease/nim/uikit/common/media/picker/adapter/PickerPreviewPagerAdapter.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.media.picker.adapter.PickerPreviewPagerAdapter
com/netease/nim/uikit/recent/RecentContactsFragment.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.recent.RecentContactsFragment
 com.netease.nim.uikit.recent.RecentContactsFragment$1
 com.netease.nim.uikit.recent.RecentContactsFragment$10
 com.netease.nim.uikit.recent.RecentContactsFragment$11
 com.netease.nim.uikit.recent.RecentContactsFragment$12
 com.netease.nim.uikit.recent.RecentContactsFragment$13
 com.netease.nim.uikit.recent.RecentContactsFragment$14
 com.netease.nim.uikit.recent.RecentContactsFragment$15
 com.netease.nim.uikit.recent.RecentContactsFragment$2
 com.netease.nim.uikit.recent.RecentContactsFragment$3
 com.netease.nim.uikit.recent.RecentContactsFragment$4
 com.netease.nim.uikit.recent.RecentContactsFragment$5
 com.netease.nim.uikit.recent.RecentContactsFragment$6
 com.netease.nim.uikit.recent.RecentContactsFragment$6$1
 com.netease.nim.uikit.recent.RecentContactsFragment$7
 com.netease.nim.uikit.recent.RecentContactsFragment$8
 com.netease.nim.uikit.recent.RecentContactsFragment$9
com/netease/nim/uikit/common/util/file/AttachmentStore.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.util.file.AttachmentStore
com/netease/nim/uikit/session/helper/VideoMessageHelper.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.session.helper.VideoMessageHelper
 com.netease.nim.uikit.session.helper.VideoMessageHelper$1
 com.netease.nim.uikit.session.helper.VideoMessageHelper$2
 com.netease.nim.uikit.session.helper.VideoMessageHelper$VideoMessageHelperListener
com/netease/nim/uikit/contact/core/provider/UserDataProvider.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.contact.core.provider.UserDataProvider
com/netease/nim/uikit/session/audio/AudioMessagePlayable.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.session.audio.AudioMessagePlayable
com/netease/nim/uikit/common/util/sys/ClipboardUtil.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.util.sys.ClipboardUtil
com/netease/nim/uikit/common/util/C.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.util.C
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.util.C$FileSuffix
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.util.C$MimeType
com/netease/nim/uikit/permission/MPermission.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.permission.MPermission
com/netease/nim/uikit/session/activity/P2PMessageActivity.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.session.activity.P2PMessageActivity
 com.netease.nim.uikit.session.activity.P2PMessageActivity$1
 com.netease.nim.uikit.session.activity.P2PMessageActivity$2
 com.netease.nim.uikit.session.activity.P2PMessageActivity$3
com/netease/nim/uikit/session/emoji/EmoticonView.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.session.emoji.EmoticonView
 com.netease.nim.uikit.session.emoji.EmoticonView$1
 com.netease.nim.uikit.session.emoji.EmoticonView$2
 com.netease.nim.uikit.session.emoji.EmoticonView$3
 com.netease.nim.uikit.session.emoji.EmoticonView$EmoticonViewPaperAdapter
com/netease/nim/uikit/common/media/picker/loader/PickerConfig.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.media.picker.loader.PickerConfig
com/netease/nim/uikit/common/ui/ptr/OverscrollHelper.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.ui.ptr.OverscrollHelper
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.ui.ptr.OverscrollHelper$1
com/netease/nim/uikit/team/helper/TeamHelper.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.team.helper.TeamHelper
 com.netease.nim.uikit.team.helper.TeamHelper$1
com/netease/nim/uikit/team/viewholder/TeamMemberHolder.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.team.viewholder.TeamMemberHolder
 com.netease.nim.uikit.team.viewholder.TeamMemberHolder$1
 com.netease.nim.uikit.team.viewholder.TeamMemberHolder$2
 com.netease.nim.uikit.team.viewholder.TeamMemberHolder$3
 com.netease.nim.uikit.team.viewholder.TeamMemberHolder$4
 com.netease.nim.uikit.team.viewholder.TeamMemberHolder$TeamMemberHolderEventListener
com/netease/nim/uikit/session/activity/CaptureVideoActivity.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.session.activity.CaptureVideoActivity
 com.netease.nim.uikit.session.activity.CaptureVideoActivity$1
 com.netease.nim.uikit.session.activity.CaptureVideoActivity$2
 com.netease.nim.uikit.session.activity.CaptureVideoActivity$3
 com.netease.nim.uikit.session.activity.CaptureVideoActivity$4
 com.netease.nim.uikit.session.activity.CaptureVideoActivity$5
com/netease/nim/uikit/team/model/TeamRequestCode.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.team.model.TeamRequestCode
com/netease/nim/uikit/recent/viewholder/RecentContactAdapter.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.recent.viewholder.RecentContactAdapter
com/netease/nim/uikit/common/ui/dialog/CustomDialogViewHolder.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.ui.dialog.CustomDialogViewHolder
com/netease/nim/uikit/common/util/sys/ReflectionUtil.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.util.sys.ReflectionUtil
com/netease/nim/uikit/session/emoji/StickerManager.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.session.emoji.StickerManager
 com.netease.nim.uikit.session.emoji.StickerManager$1
 com.netease.nim.uikit.session.emoji.StickerManager$StickerBitmapResizeProcessor
com/netease/nim/uikit/session/module/input/ActionsPanel.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.session.module.input.ActionsPanel
 com.netease.nim.uikit.session.module.input.ActionsPanel$1
com/netease/nim/uikit/session/helper/MessageListPanelHelper.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.session.helper.MessageListPanelHelper
 com.netease.nim.uikit.session.helper.MessageListPanelHelper$LocalMessageObserver
com/netease/nim/uikit/session/helper/MsgBkImageView.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.session.helper.MsgBkImageView
com/netease/nim/uikit/common/fragment/TFragment.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.fragment.TFragment
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.fragment.TFragment$1
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.fragment.TFragment$2
com/netease/nim/uikit/contact/core/model/AbsContact.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.contact.core.model.AbsContact
com/netease/nim/uikit/common/media/picker/adapter/PickerAlbumAdapter.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.media.picker.adapter.PickerAlbumAdapter
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.media.picker.adapter.PickerAlbumAdapter$ViewHolder
com/netease/nim/uikit/common/ui/imageview/ImageViewEx.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.ui.imageview.ImageViewEx
com/netease/nim/uikit/common/ui/ptr/PullToRefreshBase.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.ui.ptr.PullToRefreshBase
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.ui.ptr.PullToRefreshBase$1
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.ui.ptr.PullToRefreshBase$2
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.ui.ptr.PullToRefreshBase$3
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.ui.ptr.PullToRefreshBase$4
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.ui.ptr.PullToRefreshBase$AnimationStyle
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.ui.ptr.PullToRefreshBase$Mode
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.ui.ptr.PullToRefreshBase$OnHeaderScrollListener
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.ui.ptr.PullToRefreshBase$OnLastItemVisibleListener
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.ui.ptr.PullToRefreshBase$OnPullEventListener
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.ui.ptr.PullToRefreshBase$OnRefreshListener
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.ui.ptr.PullToRefreshBase$OnRefreshListener2
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.ui.ptr.PullToRefreshBase$OnSmoothScrollFinishedListener
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.ui.ptr.PullToRefreshBase$Orientation
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.ui.ptr.PullToRefreshBase$SmoothScrollRunnable
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.ui.ptr.PullToRefreshBase$State
com/netease/nim/uikit/team/model/Announcement.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.team.model.Announcement
com/netease/nim/uikit/contact_selector/adapter/ContactSelectAdapter.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.contact_selector.adapter.ContactSelectAdapter
com/netease/nim/uikit/common/media/picker/model/PickerContract.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.media.picker.model.PickerContract
com/netease/nim/uikit/common/ui/imageview/HeadImageView.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.ui.imageview.HeadImageView
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.ui.imageview.HeadImageView$1
com/netease/nim/uikit/session/emoji/EmojiAdapter.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.session.emoji.EmojiAdapter
com/netease/nim/uikit/common/media/picker/activity/PreviewImageFromCameraActivity.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.media.picker.activity.PreviewImageFromCameraActivity
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.media.picker.activity.PreviewImageFromCameraActivity$1
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.media.picker.activity.PreviewImageFromCameraActivity$2
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.media.picker.activity.PreviewImageFromCameraActivity$3
com/netease/nim/uikit/common/ui/ptr/PullToRefreshListView.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.ui.ptr.PullToRefreshListView
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.ui.ptr.PullToRefreshListView$1
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.ui.ptr.PullToRefreshListView$InternalListView
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.ui.ptr.PullToRefreshListView$InternalListViewSDK9
com/netease/nim/uikit/contact/core/model/AbsContactDataList.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.contact.core.model.AbsContactDataList
 com.netease.nim.uikit.contact.core.model.AbsContactDataList$1
 com.netease.nim.uikit.contact.core.model.AbsContactDataList$Group
 com.netease.nim.uikit.contact.core.model.AbsContactDataList$NoneGroupStrategy
com/netease/nim/uikit/common/media/picker/loader/RotateImageViewAware.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.media.picker.loader.RotateImageViewAware
com/netease/nim/uikit/session/emoji/EmoticonPickerView.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.session.emoji.EmoticonPickerView
 com.netease.nim.uikit.session.emoji.EmoticonPickerView$1
 com.netease.nim.uikit.session.emoji.EmoticonPickerView$2
com/netease/nim/uikit/common/ui/listview/AutoRefreshListView.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.ui.listview.AutoRefreshListView
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.ui.listview.AutoRefreshListView$1
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.ui.listview.AutoRefreshListView$2
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.ui.listview.AutoRefreshListView$3
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.ui.listview.AutoRefreshListView$Mode
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.ui.listview.AutoRefreshListView$OnRefreshListener
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.ui.listview.AutoRefreshListView$State
com/netease/nim/uikit/contact/core/query/TextQuery.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.contact.core.query.TextQuery
com/netease/nim/uikit/common/ui/ptr/FlipLoadingLayout.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.ui.ptr.FlipLoadingLayout
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.ui.ptr.FlipLoadingLayout$1
com/netease/nim/uikit/LocationProvider.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.LocationProvider
 com.netease.nim.uikit.LocationProvider$Callback
com/netease/nim/uikit/UIKitLogTag.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.UIKitLogTag
com/netease/nim/uikit/cache/SimpleCallback.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.cache.SimpleCallback
com/netease/nim/uikit/common/ui/ptr/IndicatorLayout.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.ui.ptr.IndicatorLayout
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.ui.ptr.IndicatorLayout$1
com/netease/nim/uikit/session/SessionCustomization.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.session.SessionCustomization
 com.netease.nim.uikit.session.SessionCustomization$OptionsButton
com/netease/nim/uikit/recent/RecentContactsCallback.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.recent.RecentContactsCallback
com/netease/nim/uikit/contact/core/model/ContactGroupStrategy.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.contact.core.model.ContactGroupStrategy
 com.netease.nim.uikit.contact.core.model.ContactGroupStrategy$Group
com/netease/nim/uikit/session/fragment/MessageFragment.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.session.fragment.MessageFragment
 com.netease.nim.uikit.session.fragment.MessageFragment$1
 com.netease.nim.uikit.session.fragment.MessageFragment$2
com/netease/nim/uikit/contact/core/viewholder/TextHolder.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.contact.core.viewholder.TextHolder
com/netease/nim/uikit/session/viewholder/MsgViewHolderPicture.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.session.viewholder.MsgViewHolderPicture
com/netease/nim/uikit/contact/core/item/AbsContactItem.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.contact.core.item.AbsContactItem
com/netease/nim/uikit/common/ui/dialog/EasyAlertDialogHelper.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.ui.dialog.EasyAlertDialogHelper
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.ui.dialog.EasyAlertDialogHelper$1
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.ui.dialog.EasyAlertDialogHelper$2
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.ui.dialog.EasyAlertDialogHelper$3
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.ui.dialog.EasyAlertDialogHelper$4
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.ui.dialog.EasyAlertDialogHelper$OnClearMessageListener
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.ui.dialog.EasyAlertDialogHelper$OnDialogActionListener
com/netease/nim/uikit/contact/core/item/LabelItem.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.contact.core.item.LabelItem
com/netease/nim/uikit/session/activity/BaseMessageActivity.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.session.activity.BaseMessageActivity
 com.netease.nim.uikit.session.activity.BaseMessageActivity$1
com/netease/nim/uikit/session/viewholder/MsgViewHolderBase.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.session.viewholder.MsgViewHolderBase
 com.netease.nim.uikit.session.viewholder.MsgViewHolderBase$1
 com.netease.nim.uikit.session.viewholder.MsgViewHolderBase$2
 com.netease.nim.uikit.session.viewholder.MsgViewHolderBase$3
 com.netease.nim.uikit.session.viewholder.MsgViewHolderBase$4
 com.netease.nim.uikit.session.viewholder.MsgViewHolderBase$5
 com.netease.nim.uikit.session.viewholder.MsgViewHolderBase$6
com/netease/nim/uikit/common/media/picker/activity/PickerAlbumPreviewActivity.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.media.picker.activity.PickerAlbumPreviewActivity
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.media.picker.activity.PickerAlbumPreviewActivity$1
com/netease/nim/uikit/session/viewholder/MsgViewHolderAudio.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.session.viewholder.MsgViewHolderAudio
 com.netease.nim.uikit.session.viewholder.MsgViewHolderAudio$1
com/netease/nim/uikit/session/viewholder/MsgViewHolderNotification.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.session.viewholder.MsgViewHolderNotification
com/netease/nim/uikit/session/emoji/MoonUtil.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.session.emoji.MoonUtil
 com.netease.nim.uikit.session.emoji.MoonUtil$ATagSpan
com/netease/nim/uikit/contact/core/model/ContactDataAdapter.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.contact.core.model.ContactDataAdapter
 com.netease.nim.uikit.contact.core.model.ContactDataAdapter$1
 com.netease.nim.uikit.contact.core.model.ContactDataAdapter$Task
com/netease/nim/uikit/contact/ContactsCustomization.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.contact.ContactsCustomization
com/netease/nim/uikit/contact/core/provider/TeamDataProvider.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.contact.core.provider.TeamDataProvider
 com.netease.nim.uikit.contact.core.provider.TeamDataProvider$1
com/netease/nim/uikit/common/media/picker/adapter/PickerPhotoAdapter.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.media.picker.adapter.PickerPhotoAdapter
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.media.picker.adapter.PickerPhotoAdapter$1
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.media.picker.adapter.PickerPhotoAdapter$ViewHolder
com/netease/nim/uikit/common/ui/dialog/EasyAlertDialog.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.ui.dialog.EasyAlertDialog
com/netease/nim/uikit/common/ui/imageview/CheckedImageButton.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.ui.imageview.CheckedImageButton
com/netease/nim/uikit/team/activity/AdvancedTeamNicknameActivity.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.team.activity.AdvancedTeamNicknameActivity
 com.netease.nim.uikit.team.activity.AdvancedTeamNicknameActivity$1
 com.netease.nim.uikit.team.activity.AdvancedTeamNicknameActivity$2
 com.netease.nim.uikit.team.activity.AdvancedTeamNicknameActivity$3
com/netease/nim/uikit/common/ui/dialog/EasyEditDialog.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.ui.dialog.EasyEditDialog
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.ui.dialog.EasyEditDialog$EditTextWatcher
com/netease/nim/uikit/session/viewholder/MsgViewHolderText.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.session.viewholder.MsgViewHolderText
 com.netease.nim.uikit.session.viewholder.MsgViewHolderText$1
com/netease/nim/uikit/session/helper/SendImageHelper.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.session.helper.SendImageHelper
 com.netease.nim.uikit.session.helper.SendImageHelper$1
 com.netease.nim.uikit.session.helper.SendImageHelper$Callback
 com.netease.nim.uikit.session.helper.SendImageHelper$SendImageTask
 com.netease.nim.uikit.session.helper.SendImageHelper$SendImageTask$1
com/netease/nim/uikit/common/ui/ptr/LoadingLayoutProxy.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.ui.ptr.LoadingLayoutProxy
com/netease/nim/uikit/contact/core/query/IContactDataProvider.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.contact.core.query.IContactDataProvider
com/netease/nim/uikit/common/media/picker/model/PhotoInfo.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.media.picker.model.PhotoInfo
com/netease/nim/uikit/session/helper/TeamNotificationHelper.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.session.helper.TeamNotificationHelper
 com.netease.nim.uikit.session.helper.TeamNotificationHelper$1
com/netease/nim/uikit/contact/core/model/ContactDataTask.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.contact.core.model.ContactDataTask
 com.netease.nim.uikit.contact.core.model.ContactDataTask$Host
com/netease/nim/uikit/common/media/picker/activity/PreviewImageFromLocalActivity.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.media.picker.activity.PreviewImageFromLocalActivity
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.media.picker.activity.PreviewImageFromLocalActivity$1
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.media.picker.activity.PreviewImageFromLocalActivity$2
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.media.picker.activity.PreviewImageFromLocalActivity$3
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.media.picker.activity.PreviewImageFromLocalActivity$4
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.media.picker.activity.PreviewImageFromLocalActivity$5
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.media.picker.activity.PreviewImageFromLocalActivity$6
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.media.picker.activity.PreviewImageFromLocalActivity$7
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.media.picker.activity.PreviewImageFromLocalActivity$8
com/netease/nim/uikit/team/ui/TeamInfoGridView.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.team.ui.TeamInfoGridView
com/netease/nim/uikit/common/ui/listview/ListViewUtil.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.ui.listview.ListViewUtil
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.ui.listview.ListViewUtil$1
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.ui.listview.ListViewUtil$ScrollToPositionListener
com/netease/nim/uikit/common/fragment/TabFragment.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.fragment.TabFragment
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.fragment.TabFragment$State
com/netease/nim/uikit/session/activity/WatchMessagePictureActivity.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.session.activity.WatchMessagePictureActivity
 com.netease.nim.uikit.session.activity.WatchMessagePictureActivity$1
 com.netease.nim.uikit.session.activity.WatchMessagePictureActivity$2
 com.netease.nim.uikit.session.activity.WatchMessagePictureActivity$3
 com.netease.nim.uikit.session.activity.WatchMessagePictureActivity$4
 com.netease.nim.uikit.session.activity.WatchMessagePictureActivity$5
 com.netease.nim.uikit.session.activity.WatchMessagePictureActivity$6
 com.netease.nim.uikit.session.activity.WatchMessagePictureActivity$7
 com.netease.nim.uikit.session.activity.WatchMessagePictureActivity$8
com/netease/nim/uikit/common/ui/ptr/LoadingLayout.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.ui.ptr.LoadingLayout
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.ui.ptr.LoadingLayout$1
com/netease/nim/uikit/team/activity/AdvancedTeamMemberActivity.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.team.activity.AdvancedTeamMemberActivity
 com.netease.nim.uikit.team.activity.AdvancedTeamMemberActivity$1
 com.netease.nim.uikit.team.activity.AdvancedTeamMemberActivity$2
 com.netease.nim.uikit.team.activity.AdvancedTeamMemberActivity$3
 com.netease.nim.uikit.team.activity.AdvancedTeamMemberActivity$4
com/netease/nim/uikit/common/media/picker/loader/PickerlImageLoadTool.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.media.picker.loader.PickerlImageLoadTool
com/netease/nim/uikit/session/module/input/ActionsPagerAdapter.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.session.module.input.ActionsPagerAdapter
 com.netease.nim.uikit.session.module.input.ActionsPagerAdapter$1
 com.netease.nim.uikit.session.module.input.ActionsPagerAdapter$2
 com.netease.nim.uikit.session.module.input.ActionsPagerAdapter$3
com/netease/nim/uikit/common/util/storage/ExternalStorage.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.util.storage.ExternalStorage
com/netease/nim/uikit/common/ui/imageview/MsgThumbImageView.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.ui.imageview.MsgThumbImageView
com/netease/nim/uikit/uinfo/UserInfoHelper.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.uinfo.UserInfoHelper
com/netease/nim/uikit/session/viewholder/MsgViewHolderFactory.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.session.viewholder.MsgViewHolderFactory
com/netease/nim/uikit/common/util/sys/TimeUtil.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.util.sys.TimeUtil
com/netease/nim/uikit/session/constant/Extras.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.session.constant.Extras
com/netease/nim/uikit/common/ui/ptr/IPullToRefresh.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.ui.ptr.IPullToRefresh
com/netease/nim/uikit/session/constant/RequestCode.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.session.constant.RequestCode
com/netease/nim/uikit/common/media/picker/util/PickerUtil.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.media.picker.util.PickerUtil
com/netease/nim/uikit/team/activity/AdvancedTeamMemberInfoActivity.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.team.activity.AdvancedTeamMemberInfoActivity
 com.netease.nim.uikit.team.activity.AdvancedTeamMemberInfoActivity$1
 com.netease.nim.uikit.team.activity.AdvancedTeamMemberInfoActivity$1$1
 com.netease.nim.uikit.team.activity.AdvancedTeamMemberInfoActivity$2
 com.netease.nim.uikit.team.activity.AdvancedTeamMemberInfoActivity$3
 com.netease.nim.uikit.team.activity.AdvancedTeamMemberInfoActivity$4
 com.netease.nim.uikit.team.activity.AdvancedTeamMemberInfoActivity$5
 com.netease.nim.uikit.team.activity.AdvancedTeamMemberInfoActivity$6
 com.netease.nim.uikit.team.activity.AdvancedTeamMemberInfoActivity$7
 com.netease.nim.uikit.team.activity.AdvancedTeamMemberInfoActivity$8
 com.netease.nim.uikit.team.activity.AdvancedTeamMemberInfoActivity$9
com/netease/nim/uikit/common/adapter/IViewReclaimer.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.adapter.IViewReclaimer
com/netease/nim/uikit/contact/core/item/ContactIdFilter.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.contact.core.item.ContactIdFilter
com/netease/nim/uikit/recent/viewholder/TeamRecentViewHolder.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.recent.viewholder.TeamRecentViewHolder
com/netease/nim/uikit/common/ui/imageview/MultiTouchZoomableImageView.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.ui.imageview.MultiTouchZoomableImageView
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.ui.imageview.MultiTouchZoomableImageView$1
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.ui.imageview.MultiTouchZoomableImageView$MyGestureListener
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.ui.imageview.MultiTouchZoomableImageView$ScaleListener
com/netease/nim/uikit/team/activity/AdvancedTeamAnnounceActivity.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.team.activity.AdvancedTeamAnnounceActivity
 com.netease.nim.uikit.team.activity.AdvancedTeamAnnounceActivity$1
 com.netease.nim.uikit.team.activity.AdvancedTeamAnnounceActivity$2
 com.netease.nim.uikit.team.activity.AdvancedTeamAnnounceActivity$3
 com.netease.nim.uikit.team.activity.AdvancedTeamAnnounceActivity$4
 com.netease.nim.uikit.team.activity.AdvancedTeamAnnounceActivity$5
 com.netease.nim.uikit.team.activity.AdvancedTeamAnnounceActivity$6
com/netease/nim/uikit/common/util/string/StringTextWatcher.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.util.string.StringTextWatcher
com/netease/nim/uikit/contact/core/viewholder/LabelHolder.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.contact.core.viewholder.LabelHolder
com/netease/nim/uikit/team/adapter/TeamMemberAdapter.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.team.adapter.TeamMemberAdapter
 com.netease.nim.uikit.team.adapter.TeamMemberAdapter$AddMemberCallback
 com.netease.nim.uikit.team.adapter.TeamMemberAdapter$Mode
 com.netease.nim.uikit.team.adapter.TeamMemberAdapter$RemoveMemberCallback
 com.netease.nim.uikit.team.adapter.TeamMemberAdapter$TeamMemberItem
 com.netease.nim.uikit.team.adapter.TeamMemberAdapter$TeamMemberItemTag
com/netease/nim/uikit/session/actions/ImageAction.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.session.actions.ImageAction
com/netease/nim/uikit/contact/core/model/TeamContact.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.contact.core.model.TeamContact
com/netease/nim/uikit/common/util/storage/StorageUtil.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.util.storage.StorageUtil
com/netease/nim/uikit/common/ui/imageview/ImageGestureListener.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.ui.imageview.ImageGestureListener
com/netease/nim/uikit/contact/core/viewholder/ContactHolder.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.contact.core.viewholder.ContactHolder
 com.netease.nim.uikit.contact.core.viewholder.ContactHolder$1
com/netease/nim/uikit/contact/core/item/ContactItemFilter.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.contact.core.item.ContactItemFilter
com/netease/nim/uikit/contact/core/query/SimpleT9Matcher.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.contact.core.query.SimpleT9Matcher
com/netease/nim/uikit/session/emoji/IEmoticonSelectedListener.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.session.emoji.IEmoticonSelectedListener
com/netease/nim/uikit/common/ui/ptr/Utils.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.ui.ptr.Utils
com/netease/nim/uikit/common/framework/NimTaskExecutor.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.framework.NimTaskExecutor
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.framework.NimTaskExecutor$1
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.framework.NimTaskExecutor$Config
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.framework.NimTaskExecutor$TaskThreadFactory
com/netease/nim/uikit/common/util/media/SampleSizeUtil.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.util.media.SampleSizeUtil
com/netease/nim/uikit/permission/util/MPermissionUtil.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.permission.util.MPermissionUtil
com/netease/nim/uikit/common/util/media/ImageUtil.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.util.media.ImageUtil
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.util.media.ImageUtil$ImageSize
com/netease/nim/uikit/ImageLoaderKit.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.ImageLoaderKit
com/netease/nim/uikit/permission/annotation/OnMPermissionGranted.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.permission.annotation.OnMPermissionGranted
com/netease/nim/uikit/session/viewholder/MsgViewHolderUnknown.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.session.viewholder.MsgViewHolderUnknown
com/netease/nim/uikit/common/ui/dialog/CustomAlertDialog.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.ui.dialog.CustomAlertDialog
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.ui.dialog.CustomAlertDialog$1
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.ui.dialog.CustomAlertDialog$2
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.ui.dialog.CustomAlertDialog$3
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.ui.dialog.CustomAlertDialog$onSeparateItemClickListener
com/netease/nim/uikit/common/util/media/BitmapDecoder.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.util.media.BitmapDecoder
com/netease/nim/uikit/common/ui/liv/LivIndex.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.ui.liv.LivIndex
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.ui.liv.LivIndex$1
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.ui.liv.LivIndex$LetterChangedListener
com/netease/nim/uikit/contact/core/query/TextComparator.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.contact.core.query.TextComparator
com/netease/nim/uikit/model/ToolBarOptions.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.model.ToolBarOptions
com/netease/nim/uikit/session/viewholder/MsgViewHolderVideo.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.session.viewholder.MsgViewHolderVideo
com/netease/nim/uikit/common/ui/imageview/CircleImageView.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.ui.imageview.CircleImageView
com/netease/nim/uikit/team/activity/AdvancedTeamCreateAnnounceActivity.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.team.activity.AdvancedTeamCreateAnnounceActivity
 com.netease.nim.uikit.team.activity.AdvancedTeamCreateAnnounceActivity$1
 com.netease.nim.uikit.team.activity.AdvancedTeamCreateAnnounceActivity$2
 com.netease.nim.uikit.team.activity.AdvancedTeamCreateAnnounceActivity$3
com/netease/nim/uikit/cache/NimUserInfoCache.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.cache.NimUserInfoCache
 com.netease.nim.uikit.cache.NimUserInfoCache$1
 com.netease.nim.uikit.cache.NimUserInfoCache$2
 com.netease.nim.uikit.cache.NimUserInfoCache$3
 com.netease.nim.uikit.cache.NimUserInfoCache$InstanceHolder
com/netease/nim/uikit/common/framework/NimSingleThreadExecutor.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.framework.NimSingleThreadExecutor
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.framework.NimSingleThreadExecutor$NimRunnable
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.framework.NimSingleThreadExecutor$NimRunnable$1
 com.netease.nim.uikit.common.framework.NimSingleThreadExecutor$NimTask
com/netease/nim/uikit/contact/core/item/ItemTypes.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.contact.core.item.ItemTypes
 com.netease.nim.uikit.contact.core.item.ItemTypes$TEAMS
com/netease/nim/uikit/contact_selector/viewholder/ContactsSelectHolder.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.contact_selector.viewholder.ContactsSelectHolder
com/netease/nim/uikit/session/module/Container.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.session.module.Container
com/netease/nim/uikit/session/module/input/ActionsGridviewAdapter.java
 com.netease.nim.uikit.session.module.input.ActionsGridviewAdapter
